My concubine's voice is Little Xingzi
Okay, you Shen Xingyao
You lied to me for so long
You say
Concubines can beg for rain for the emperor
Please don't blame King Qi
Why should I believe you?
If the concubine fails
Willing to pay for it
But if the concubine succeeds
Then the people of the world can no longer suffer
This business is sure to make a profit for the emperor
OK
If you can really ask for rain
I will spare you the punishment of Xinzhiku
And rewarded
Reward
What about King Qi?
King of Qi
Naturally innocent
It's a deal.
Heaven and earth
Hey
Taishang Laojun shows his gods
Heavy rain saves people
How can a harem woman enter the court?
This is ridiculous.
He actually waved his sword at the emperor
play tricks
Shen's demon girl Yingzhulian nine clans
This is the way you call for rain
Yes, exactly.
The rain matter that could not be solved by the civil and military of the Manchu Dynasty
As a little girl, I can handle it
Nonsense
Fortunately, I have full marks in history.
Today is the 19th of the month of Gui
Then it will rain heavily
Resolve drought
The minister is in charge of astronomical phenomena, and has observed celestial phenomena in recent days and nights
Nothing unusual
There's no sign of rain at all
This demon girl is deceiving the public
Dark law should be cut
The emperor has not received rain in March since the beginning of summer this year
Don't say there is no rain today
Even in the next few days, there will be absolutely no rain.
The emperor should not listen to this demon girl's slander